com/example/todoapp/AlertReceiver.java
 com.example.todoapp.AlertReceiver
com/example/todoapp/Utils/Constants.java
 com.example.todoapp.Utils.Constants
com/example/todoapp/DatabaseAlarm/DatabaseAlarm.java
 com.example.todoapp.DatabaseAlarm.DatabaseAlarm
com/example/todoapp/Model/ToDoModel.java
 com.example.todoapp.Model.ToDoModel
com/example/todoapp/Fragments/AddTaskFragment.java
 com.example.todoapp.Fragments.AddTaskFragment
 com.example.todoapp.Fragments.AddTaskFragment$1
 com.example.todoapp.Fragments.AddTaskFragment$2
com/example/todoapp/Utils/DatabaseHandler.java
 com.example.todoapp.Utils.DatabaseHandler
com/example/todoapp/MessageActivity.java
 com.example.todoapp.MessageActivity
com/example/todoapp/BootPhoneReceiver.java
 com.example.todoapp.BootPhoneReceiver
com/example/todoapp/Model/AlarmDao.java
 com.example.todoapp.Model.AlarmDao
com/example/todoapp/Dashboard.java
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard$1
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard$2
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard$3
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard$4
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard$5
 com.example.todoapp.Dashboard$6
com/example/todoapp/View/RecyclerItemTouchHelper.java
 com.example.todoapp.View.RecyclerItemTouchHelper
 com.example.todoapp.View.RecyclerItemTouchHelper$1
 com.example.todoapp.View.RecyclerItemTouchHelper$2
com/example/todoapp/MainActivity2.java
 com.example.todoapp.MainActivity2
com/example/todoapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.todoapp.BuildConfig
com/example/todoapp/Adapters/ToDoAdapter.java
 com.example.todoapp.Adapters.ToDoAdapter
 com.example.todoapp.Adapters.ToDoAdapter$1
 com.example.todoapp.Adapters.ToDoAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/todoapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.todoapp.MainActivity
 com.example.todoapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.todoapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.todoapp.MainActivity$3
com/example/todoapp/Adapters/AlarmAdapter.java
 com.example.todoapp.Adapters.AlarmAdapter
 com.example.todoapp.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/todoapp/Fragments/TimePickerFragment.java
 com.example.todoapp.Fragments.TimePickerFragment
 com.example.todoapp.Fragments.TimePickerFragment$1
 com.example.todoapp.Fragments.TimePickerFragment$2
com/example/todoapp/AlarmActivity.java
 com.example.todoapp.AlarmActivity
 com.example.todoapp.AlarmActivity$1
 com.example.todoapp.AlarmActivity$2
com/example/todoapp/Model/EventAlarm.java
 com.example.todoapp.Model.EventAlarm
com/example/todoapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.todoapp.SplashActivity
 com.example.todoapp.SplashActivity$1
com/example/todoapp/Model/NotificationHelper.java
 com.example.todoapp.Model.NotificationHelper
com/example/todoapp/Model/DialogCloseListener.java
 com.example.todoapp.Model.DialogCloseListener
com/example/todoapp/MainActivity3.java
 com.example.todoapp.MainActivity3
com/example/todoapp/TutoSplashActivity.java
 com.example.todoapp.TutoSplashActivity
 com.example.todoapp.TutoSplashActivity$1
 com.example.todoapp.TutoSplashActivity$2
